docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/modal.md

# Modal

<!-- introduction start -->

> Modals present information prominently and are useful to gather essential user input without navigating to another page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modals present information prominently and are useful for gathering essential user input without navigating to another page.
```
